docs: Add Incremental Build Vitepress docs (#1404)
SAP/ui5-tooling: internal/documentation/docs/pages/Server.md

Reviewer: Please also update this section (rephrase `incremental build`) and potentially others, that were recently introduced.

Author: Done

### serveIndex
In case a directory has been requested, this middleware renders an HTML with a list of the directory's content.

## Standard Tasks

> As with the UI5 Builder, a set of standard tasks is being executed during a server build. However, following tasks are being **excluded by default**:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with the UI5 Builder, a set of standard tasks is being executed during a server build. However, the following tasks are being **excluded by default**:
```

- `minify`
- `generateLibraryPreload`
- `generateComponentPreload`
- `generateBundle`

::: info
See [Builder Standard Tasks](./Builder.md#standard-tasks) for more explanation about each task.
:::

## Build Cache Control

The UI5 Server performs a build of the projects by utilizing **build caches**.

You can control the build cache behavior using the `--cache` option:

- `--cache Default` (default): Use the cache if available, create it if missing
- `--cache Force`: Only use the cache; fail if the cache is unavailable or invalid
- `--cache ReadOnly`: Use existing cache but don't update it (useful for CI/CD)
- `--cache Off`: Disable caching entirely and always perform a full rebuild

Example:
```sh
ui5 serve --cache Off
```

> In this scenario, when a source file change is made and a request comes in, the server always performs a full rebuild (even if this source version already existed sometime ago).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario, when a source file changes and a request comes in, the server always performs a full rebuild, even if this source version existed previously.
```

::: info
By default, build caches created by `ui5 build` and `ui5 serve` are **separate and cannot be mixed**. Each command executes a distinct set of tasks, resulting in separate caches tailored to its specific use case. For more details on builder caching, see the [UI5 Builder documentation](./Builder.md).
:::

### Watch Mode Behavior

> Once started with `ui5 serve`, the server automatically keeps watch over changes to the source files throughout the session. When a request arrives, it checks for cached results first and only triggers a rebuild of the respective resources and tasks if no cache is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once started with `ui5 serve`, the server automatically monitors changes to the source files throughout the session. When a request arrives, it checks for cached results first and only triggers a rebuild of the respective resources and tasks if no cache is available.
```
